Junior sister a long time ago
I adore you
Flying Stone
Can't blink
Ah, senior brother!
Look, you are the prince
It is the future Chinese leader
When is the time?
There will be countless beautiful girls for you to choose from
Not bad for me.
Junior Sister, if you think the identity of the Crown Princess
Not worthy of your words
As long as I can be your husband
I would like to enter the temple of dragons
Those I promise
From Now On
I only want to be married to you
The prince wants to enter
That's not what I mean.
I would rather be a burden than marry a dragon girl as my wife
How careless!
Brother, this time I'm here to avoid leaving the minister
Why did you get married?
Junior Sister
You are really in your heart
Don't you have any feelings for me?
Well, in that case
I will marry you
Thank you father
I also ask Your Majesty to grant marriage